<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Proposal</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="creativity.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <header>
            <h1>A Postmodern Visual Approach to Data Mining:</h1>
            <h2>Proposal</h2>
            <hr />
        </header>
        <div class="sidebar">
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="index.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                    <li><a href="art.xhtml">Art History</a></li>
                    <li><a href="tech.xhtml">Technical Aspects</a></li>
                    <li><a href="collage.xhtml">Collage</a></li>
                    <li><a>Proposal</a></li>
                    <li><a href="budget.xhtml">Budget</a></li>
                    <li><a href="resources.xhtml">Resources</a></li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </div>
        <div class="textbody" id="prop">
            <p>I propose a project bridging three arenas: data mining, collage, and web development.
                Each process builds upon the preceding; creating data, visualizing it, then making
                it interactive. The purpose of the project is to create a commentary on the nature
                of contemporary data management and processing with a visual focus on gender and
                sexuality. </p>
            <p>A computer is able to identify patterns by reading massive amounts of text—a process
                known as data mining. Viewed as “distant reading” because of the scale, it is able
                to see patterns that a human simply could not if they were to read as many
                documents, though it is not dissimilar to how humans read and compare texts. For my
                project I will be using the MALLET software which focuses on linguistic patterns
                with which I have some experience. For this project I will also undertake learning
                the computer language Python in order to also conduct topic modelling which focuses
                on underlying semantic relationships. These two tools would reveal patterns in the
                data from both a statistical and literary point of view. Data will be drawn from the
                Hathitrust database which permits access for up to 10,000 documents. This database
                covers a myriad of topics of which I would choose to focus on LGBTQ studies, family
                studies, and women’s studies. The sources would be sorted by primary vs secondary vs
                tertiary authorship so as to allow for a comparative analysis of the language used
                for different genres and audiences. I would cluster articles into subtopics by key
                words and conduct all three steps of the project on each cluster separately. </p>
            <p>Having prepared the documents, learned Python, and conducted the analyses, I would
                move onto the visual aspect of the project. Collage offers a unique representation
                of mass data. By using recycled and appropriated imagery, much the same as data is
                distilled from elsewhere, often by spurious means; and challenging traditional
                ideals of beauty and power, as per the philosophy of female and queer liberation,
                collage embodies the goals of this project. Using the results of the two forms of
                data mining, I will produce a collage, possibly mixed media depending on the
                characteristics of the identified patterns, though primarily photo on canvas. There
                would be a number of separate collage panels that, when put together, create one
                unified collage though at least one panel will be solely digital for two reasons: to
                leave a hole in any gallery display in homage to the gaps in women’s and queer
                history and to suggest the traversing power of technology, the way it can create
                something from nothing and solve some gaping problems. In order to challenge myself
                as an artist, I would like to further research three art styles—Dada, Surreal, and
                Postmodern—using the Artstor database and resources from the Frick Fine Arts
                library. These movements are all in the vein of to the intended theme. Spurned by
                technological advancements, inspired by irrationality and innovation, and largely
                anticapitalist, these movements mirror the positions my project is meant to take. In
                these styles, I would particularly focus on the work of female artists, many of whom
                used their work to challenge gender expectations and patriarchal limitations. I
                anticipate being able to finish between twenty and thirty small panels, so there
                would be nine to ten panels per style. Small panels will allow for all three steps
                to be continued concurrently throughout the summer, the coverage of more topics, and
                offer more room for me to explore different techniques. </p>
            <p>The project continues by adding an interactive element. The collage will be uploaded
                to a website, viewable in its entirety and every image, when clicked, would be
                accompanied by an explanation of why it was included. The aim is that the piece
                could be displayed in a gallery behind an ipad that would allow the audience to come
                into contact with the art and view the digital segments. The intended viewer would
                be someone interested in gender and sexuality studies or in the artistic
                movements—in an ideal world this would involve school age individuals—who could walk
                away having learned something about the history and current state of gender and
                sexuality research and writing, text modelling, and various art styles. </p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
