<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Resources</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="creativity.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <header>
            <h1>A Postmodern Visual Approach to Data Mining:</h1>
            <h2>Resources</h2>
            <hr />
        </header>
        <!--#include virtual="navbar.xhtml" -->
        <div class="textbody" id="resc">
        <p>The following is a list of individuals whose work and experience pertains to the work I
            would like to conduct. I have already been in communication with those listed in
            italics. </p><h3>Resources</h3>
        <b>Arts</b>
        <p><i>Aaron Henderson, Studio Arts</i>
        </p><p><i>Delanie Jenkins, Studio Arts</i>
        </p><p><i>Kiana Jones, Visiting Fine Arts Librarian</i>
        </p><p><i>Alison Langmead, History of Arts and Architecture</i>
        </p><p>Barbara Weissberger, Studio Arts</p>
        <br />
        <b>Technology</b>
        <p><i>David Birnbaum, Slavics and Digital Humanities (mentor)</i>
        </p><p>Gesina Phillips, Digital Scholarship Librarian </p><p><i>Tyrica Terry Kapral,
                Humanities Data Librarian</i>
        </p><p>Matt Lavin, English and Director of the Digital Media Lab </p>
        <br />
            <b>Gender and Women’s Studies</b>
        <p><i>Robin Kear, Liaison Librarian for English and Gender, Sexuality and Women’s
                Studies</i>
        </p>
        <br />
        <h3>Citations</h3>
        <b>Art History</b>
        <p>“Avant-Garde.” <i>Encyclopædia Britannica</i>, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.,
            www.britannica.com/art/avant-garde-art.</p>
        <p>“Barbara Kruger.” <i>The Art History Archive</i>,
            www.arthistoryarchive.com/arthistory/feminist/Barbara-Kruger.html.</p>
        <p>Britannica, The Editors of Encyclopaedia. “Surrealism.” <i>Encyclopædia Britannica</i>,
            Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., 5 Nov. 2018, www.britannica.com/art/Surrealism.
            </p><p>“Dada Movement Overview and Key Ideas.” <i>The Art Story</i>,
            www.theartstory.org/movement-dada.htm. </p><p>“Hannah Höch | MoMA.” <i>The Museum of
                Modern Art</i>, www.moma.org/artists/2675. </p><p>Kuiper, Kathleen. “Modernism.”
                <i>Encyclopædia Britannica</i>, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., 17 Jan. 2019,
            www.britannica.com/art/Modernism-art. </p><p>“Modern Art - Modern Art Terms and
            Concepts.” <i>The Art Story</i>, www.theartstory.org/definition-modern-art.htm.
            </p><p>“Postmodern Art - Modern Art Terms and Concepts.” <i>The Art Story</i>,
            www.theartstory.org/definition-postmodernism.htm. </p><p>“Surrealism Movement Overview.”
                <i>The Art Story</i>, www.theartstory.org/movement-surrealism.htm. </p><p>Trachtman,
            Paul. “A Brief History of Dada.” <i>Smithsonian.com</i>, Smithsonian Institution, 1 May
            2006, www.smithsonianmag.com/arts-culture/dada-115169154/. </p><p>“Understanding the
            Significance of Avant-Garde.” <i>Widewalls</i>,
            www.widewalls.ch/avant-garde-movement-theater-music-photography-contemporary-art/. </p>
        <b>Technology</b>
        <p>“MALLET Homepage.” <i>MALLET Homepage</i>, mallet.cs.umass.edu/. </p><p>“What Is Data
            Mining?” <i>SearchSQLServer</i>, searchsqlserver.techtarget.com/definition/data-mining.
        </p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
